Frans explained in his paper that “the original meaning of anthropomorphism is that of misattribution of human qualities to nonhumans, or at least overestimation of the similarities between humans and nonhumans”. Humans are used to consider about the meaning of nonhumans’ behavior from their aspect, which always lead to a misunderstanding.

During the time of my undergraduate, I majored in engineering and focus on automatic vehicles in my final year. In my first graduate program, based on this background, I did a lot of research on  the Human-Machine Interaction, or we can call it Human-Robot Interaction on the automatic vehicles. Based on the user research, I found that many users were trying to understand the machine or robot from the human side. When they are trying to communicate with the system, they just act like what they would do when with other human. But this was not a effective way to communicate with machines.

For example, when people talk with each other, they would use some metaphors due to the condition. If they are talking with people, others will easily get what they mean through the conversation background. But when talking with machines or robots, it does not work very well. As Frans mentioned in the paper, metaphors tend to grow in significance until we forget that they are mere analogies. The machine only have a straight thinking and most of time, they still cannot understand the real meaning when people use metaphors. Otherwise, sometimes people were willing to make a multiple rounds of dialogue with machines. Unfortunately, the technology we have today still cannot make this come true. The machines still are disabled to understand what people referred in the aforementioned dialogue. That is why lots of users think their conversation with machine is not fluent and smooth enough.

Computer programmers debate the usefulness of anthropomorphism in Human-Machine Interactions because people find it easier to deal with machines in human terms. Although we cannot achieve this level of interaction and when communicate with machine, we still need to change our mind to their side, but to talk with them like what we do with other people is the final goal of the design of Human-Machine Interaction. This is quite different when we face animals. Because the goal when we recognize animals or design something for them is not make them like us, but make something for their real need.

One thing mentioned in the paper that impressed me a lot is Binti, the female western lowland gorilla who rescue a baby boy falling into her cage. I have watched a documentary about this event before. Everyone in the documentary, the grown up boy, his parents, the breeder and other witness in the zoo all felt very amazed and surprised by her action. But what if it is not a special movement but what they usually do in the normal time? No one had prepared her for this kind of emergency, so this probably is what she would do naturally. 

People always think wild animals are cruel and rough with low intelligent. If they have never been trained, they would hurt people without motivation. This is the common opinion who do not know a lot about wild animals will have. Even a strange person will hardly help others in some condition because they do not want to get into trouble. So the movement of the female gorilla seems more precious. If we have this opinion, we are still think and consider about animals in our own ways and judge them from human aspect. Some vegetarians do not eat meat because they think kill animal to eat their meat is very ruthless. This is also consider the situation from human side because in the natural environment, it is usual for the predator to kill herbivores and other animals to survive.

Anthropomorphism is a common sense when humans consider about nonhumans. To shed it or embrace it depends on what the goal we want. As I mentioned before, when we are going to design a machine or robot, we can embrace it to make users performed more fluently. But when design something for animals, we need to consider from their aspect, not ours.
